Salesforce 10.5 (#1089)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.5/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-xml-maven.adoc

= Salesforce 10.5 XML and Maven Support - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::salesforce/salesforce-connector-xml-maven.adoc

> If you manually code a Mule app in XML either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor or a text editor, perform the following actions to get access to the connector:
> 
> * Add the namespace for the connector to your XML flow.
> * Add dependency information to your Maven `pom.xml` file.
> 
> In the Studio visual editor, when you drag a connector from the palette to the canvas, Studio automatically populates the XML code with the connector namespace and schema location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you can manually code a Mule app in XML, it is more efficient to use Anypoint Studio: 

* If you manually code a Mule runtime engine (Mule) app in XML, either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor or from a text editor, you can access the connector from your app by adding reference statements to both your XML Mule flow and the Apache Maven `pom.xml` file.

* If you add the connector in Studio, Studio automatically populates the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and it also adds a dependency to the `pom.xml` file.

```

Reviewer: Using new template
